src/pages/terms.md, before:

---
title: Terms of Use | SmoothCSV
layout: ../layouts/MarkdownPageLayout.astro
---

# Terms of Use

Effective Date: November 28, 2024

Welcome to SmoothCSV. These Terms of Use ("Terms") govern your access to and use of the SmoothCSV desktop application (the "App") provided by us at [https://smoothcsv.com](https://smoothcsv.com/).

## 1. Acceptance of Terms

By downloading, installing, or using the App, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use the App.

## 2. License Grant

We grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use the App for your personal or internal business purposes. Redistribution, modification, or any unauthorized use of the App is strictly prohibited.

## 3. User Responsibilities

- Compliance with Laws: You agree to use the App in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
- Age Restrictions: There are no specific age restrictions for using the App.

## 4. Intellectual Property Rights

All intellectual property rights in the App, including but not limited to software, graphics, logos, and trademarks, are owned by us. Unauthorized use, reproduction, or distribution is prohibited.

## 5. Limitation of Liability

To the fullest extent permitted by law, we shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or exemplary damages arising from or relating to your use of the App. We are under no obligation to compensate or correct any damage caused by the use of the software.

## 6. Updates and Changes

We reserve the right to modify or discontinue the App at any time without prior notice. Changes to these Terms will be posted on our website and noted in the release notes. Your continued use of the App after any changes indicates your acceptance of the new Terms.

## 7. Governing Law

These Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Japan. Any disputes arising under or in connection with these Terms shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Japan.

## 8. Contact Information

If you have any questions or concerns regarding these Terms, please contact us at [hello@smoothcsv.com](mailto:hello@smoothcsv.com).

Commit message:

Update terms page for licensing clarity
- set effective date to 2025-11-23 and define ownership/licensor as Kohei Ishikawa (“kohii”)
- tighten license grant wording and explicitly ban redistribution, resale, reverse engineering
- add AS IS warranty disclaimer and limit direct damages to fees paid
- introduce termination, pricing changes, and trademarks sections

src/pages/terms.md, after:

---
title: Terms of Use | SmoothCSV
layout: ../layouts/MarkdownPageLayout.astro
---

# Terms of Use

Effective Date: November 23, 2025

Welcome to SmoothCSV. These Terms constitute the proprietary license agreement for the SmoothCSV desktop application ("App").

The App is owned and licensed to you by Kohei Ishikawa ("kohii", "we", "us").

## 1. Acceptance of Terms

By downloading, installing, or using the App, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use the App.

## 2. License Grant

We grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to install and use the App for your personal or permitted business purposes. Redistribution, resale, sublicensing, modification, decompiling, disassembling, reverse engineering, or any unauthorized use of the App is prohibited.

## 3. User Responsibilities

- Compliance with Laws: You agree to use the App in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
- Age Restrictions: There are no specific age restrictions for using the App.

## 4. Intellectual Property Rights

All intellectual property rights in the App, including but not limited to software, graphics, logos, and trademarks, are owned by us. Unauthorized use, reproduction, or distribution is prohibited.

## 5. Warranty Disclaimer

THE APP IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

## 6. Limitation of Liability

To the fullest extent permitted by law, we shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or exemplary damages arising from or relating to your use of the App. Our total liability for direct damages is limited to the amount you paid for the App, if any.

## 7. Termination

This license terminates automatically if you breach these Terms. Upon termination, you must immediately stop using the App and destroy all copies in your possession or control.

## 8. Updates and Changes

We reserve the right to modify or discontinue the App at any time without prior notice. Changes to these Terms will be posted on our website and noted in the release notes. Your continued use of the App after any changes indicates your acceptance of the new Terms.

## 9. Governing Law

These Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Japan. Any disputes arising under or in connection with these Terms shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Japan.

## 10. Pricing Changes

We may introduce paid or subscription pricing for future releases. Such changes will apply prospectively and will not retroactively revoke rights granted under previously accepted Terms.

## 11. Trademarks

SmoothCSV and related logos are our trademarks. Except for displaying the App as provided, you may not use our trademarks without our prior written permission.

## 12. Contact Information

If you have any questions or concerns regarding these Terms, please contact us at [hello@smoothcsv.com](mailto:hello@smoothcsv.com).
